big hello to all today
work on an album about tourist
trips that were
Vasya two cities Singapore and Hong Kong here
so I laid out for myself on what
pages which photos will be
approximately on topics to decide
how many pages do I need
and also prepared these
all sorts of items that i will
use in album in album always
maximum save all kinds
tickets outline map travel bags
plane tickets and so on here
so I prepared everything here since
there are so many of these wide
Avenues and they are big then I decided
make an album
and 4 formats, respectively
prepared here such carvings which
I will use just such an album to
and a set of felling
Here are all kinds of stickers
envelopes which are also me
associated with all and chemism as if
put dates like these with stickers
This page I had 2 photos
there will be no little clamshells
I will talk about the materials that I
used
so to make i like to beat here
these bubbles on paper
so I did what I cut down on paper
Is it a normal white paper?
use paper for watercolor and
used this kind of knife for cutting
further craft paper which I will still
a lot of use in this album
I take here from such an album for with here
guard paper with a density of 70 grams
Originally on this page, I'm all
just laid out neatly stepping back
everywhere there are two or three millimeters all so
sedately noble and then I decided
a little prank and make all the move
disciplined a little bit
to dream
so you see that I have a substrate
so is covered here and still today
i will add spray i really want
so that the spray was especially visible here on
Kraft his paper seems to me a spray
white on the craft will look
very interesting Well traveled
further we wait a little dried up 1000 dash
catch this string for this
awl case in two hole locations
and I will mount with the help of such
brothers
as
but
eat our page is ready i would more
I did not add anything here
as far as you think
naughty here but I like her very much
here is such a boat here just
hong kong port city so all
quite symbolic and here some
cinemas is therefore here such
ticket
also a volume element and this one
bulk salsa element
I want to show you also the first page
in the album that I designed means
there is one cot here so brother
opens and inside we see 3 pics
so these pictures were green
on peak victoria this is one of the most
Hong Kong's brightest points
then accordingly I pasted
tickets for just peak 3
written before the peak of hailu mean and here
such tickets pasted on the subway which
we enjoyed
here and here everything is so airy
blocks
You decided to make this clamshell from
how much respectively
additionally do not reload the game without loading
the page
This page turned out